# Safety, Liquidity, and the Natural Rate of Interest
Marco Del Negro, Domenico Giannone, Marc Giannoni, Andrea Tambalotti
(c) 2017 Federal Reserve Bank of New York

The files in this directory replicate all figures in the paper. Run
the script `makeRstarPlots.m` from this directory to generate plots,
which will be saved in the `Figures` subdirectory. Please note that
the names of PDFs may not all correspond to the order of plots in the
paper; see below for a corrected labeling.

## Notes

These plots were generated using MATLAB version 16a.

## Directory Structure

- `makeRstarPlots.m`: Main driver script
- `helperFunctions/`: MATLAB functions called by `makeRstarPlots`
- `Figures/`: Output figure directory
- `Tables/`: Input table directory for data not generated by TVAR or DSGE

## Data

Figure 7 in the paper plots Industrials spreads computed using
Bloomberg yields. We cannot distribute this dataset, but if you have
access to Bloomberg data you can aquire the data using the following
tickers:

- US Industrials 20Y A yield: `F00620Y Index`
- US Industrials 20Y BBB yield: `F00920Y Index`

Our 20T yield series comes from the Haver DLX ticker `FYCCZKE@USECON`.

Then, compute spreads and replace the NaNs in `Tables/spreads.xlsx`
(for both the monthly and quarterly tabs).

In `makeRstarPlots.m`, set `useBloombergData = 1`.

## PDF names -> figure name in paper

- Figures 1-9 are properly named: the PDF name corresponds exactly to
  the name of the plot in the paper.
- Figure 10 (Forward Natural Rates in the DSGE vs rbar in the VAR)
  corresponds to `Figures/Figure11a.pdf` and `Figures/Figure11b.pdf`
- Figure 11 (Forward Natural Rates and Forward Actual Rates)
  corresponds to `Figures/Figure12a.pdf` and `Figures/Figure12b.pdf`
- Figure 12 (Comparison between 5-Year Forward Natural Rate in the
  DSGE and Laubach-Williams Estimate of r*) corresponds to `Figures/Figure13.pdf`
- Figure 13 (30-Year Forward Natural Rate and its Drivers) corresponds
  to `Figures/Figure14.pdf`
- Figure 14 (Drivers of rbar in the VAR model with Consumption) corresponds
  to `Figures/Figure10.pdf`
- Figures 15 and 16 are properly named.
